docs: improve timer.md (#345)
convox/convox: docs/reference/primitives/app/timer.md

*  *  *  *  *
```

> Please notice that the smallest unity here is **minute**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please notice that the smallest unit of time here is **minute**.
```
